DOCSP-35769 External release notes for v20240124 (#662)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/release-notes/backend.txt

2024 Releases
-------------

.. _backend_20240124:

24 January 2024 Release
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Included timezones in the timestamps for log messages, deployment histories, and more in the App Services UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Timestamps displayed in the App Services UI (e.g. log messages, deployment histories) now include the timezone.
```

  
- GET methods for the App Services Admin API now return full endpoints instead of partial endpoints.

- Raised the default websocket read limit from 16 MB to 20 MB. Added an app-level config setting to raise the read limit if needed.

> - Added an App Services Admin API endpoint to trigger a client reset.

Reviewer: I'm still not super familiar with BAAS RNs - should there be more info here?

Author: Would like to add link to Admin API endpoint reference when the corresponding entry is created.
